(I ran out of time and couldn't comment every file.)

Conway's game of life is a cellular automaton. That means you touch blocks to form patterns and then press play to see
how the pattern you entered evolves over time! Most patterns will die quickly or not do anything, but some can provide really interesting displays.
Although this isn't neccesarily related to the project, I thought it was interesting that Conway's Game of Life technically qualifies as a Turing 
complete machine! If you're interested in learning more about the game, check out the wikipedia page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life

To play the game just press the New Game button. To access a previously saved game, press the Saved button. You currently can't name your saves, they are 
just numbered in chronological order. To change the volume, press the Options button and adjust the slider. To see where I got my assets from, press the About button.

PLAYING THE GAME
-----------------

Click on a cell to switch a cell from being dead to alive or vice versa. Once you have entered a pattern, press the play button to watch it evolve. The rules for
whether a cell will live or die are: 

Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbours dies, as if caused by underpopulation.
Any live cell with two or three live neighbours lives on to the next generation.
Any live cell with more than three live neighbours dies, as if by overpopulation.
Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbours becomes a live cell, as if by reproduction.

Press the stop button to stop the pattern from evolving, and toggle cells. Unfortunately I didn't have time to implement a backwards running version, so the 
rewind button currently doesn't do anything. The 'fast forward' button will cause the game to step forward one generation. The floppy disk button will save whatever
your current set of cells is to internal storage. You can't name your save, they are just numbered in chronological order. Pressing the X button will delete whatever
your current set of cells is.

NOTES/THOUGHTS
----------------
I'm not sure why the speed seekbar isn't displaying in the game, I'm pretty sure it would work to change the speed at which generations would evolve. All of the code
for it is in the project, it's just not showing up, I think my GameView is covering it up somehow.

I also am not entirely sure why you can't toggle cells on the far right column, I think it's probably not too hard of a fix, I'm unfortunately just out of time.

There was a lot left I still wanted to implement, mainly having the set of cells being bigger than what the screen displays and being able to move the "camera" to different
parts of the cells and zoom in or out by pinching. Unfortunately I fell prey to root of all evil: premature optimization, and spent about 12 hours trying to write cleanly
seperated game logic code and UI code that implemented best practice threading. I had no idea what I was doing, and ended up wasting most of that time, but I am still proud
of what I was able to accomplish in a week. I hope you enjoyed my app!